# Chat

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**assistant_id** | Option<**String**> | This is the assistant that will be used for the chat. To use an existing assistant, use `assistantId` instead. | [optional]
**assistant** | Option<[**models::CreateAssistantDto**](CreateAssistantDTO.md)> | This is the assistant that will be used for the chat. To use an existing assistant, use `assistantId` instead. | [optional]
**name** | Option<**String**> | This is the name of the chat. This is just for your own reference. | [optional]
**session_id** | Option<**String**> | This is the ID of the session that will be used for the chat. Mutually exclusive with previousChatId. | [optional]
**input** | Option<[**models::ChatInput**](Chat_input.md)> |  | [optional]
**stream** | Option<**bool**> | This is a flag that determines whether the response should be streamed. When true, the response will be sent as chunks of text. | [optional][default to false]
**previous_chat_id** | Option<**String**> | This is the ID of the chat that will be used as context for the new chat. The messages from the previous chat will be used as context. Mutually exclusive with sessionId. | [optional]
**id** | **String** | This is the unique identifier for the chat. | 
**org_id** | **String** | This is the unique identifier for the org that this chat belongs to. | 
**messages** | Option<[**Vec<models::MessageArrayInner>**](MessageArray_inner.md)> | This is an array of messages used as context for the chat. Used to provide message history for multi-turn conversations. | [optional]
**output** | Option<[**Vec<models::MessageArrayInner>**](MessageArray_inner.md)> | This is the output messages generated by the system in response to the input. | [optional]
**created_at** | **String** | This is the ISO 8601 date-time string of when the chat was created. | 
**updated_at** | **String** | This is the ISO 8601 date-time string of when the chat was last updated. | 
**costs** | Option<[**Vec<models::ChatCostsInner>**](Chat_costs_inner.md)> | These are the costs of individual components of the chat in USD. | [optional]
**cost** | Option<**f64**> | This is the cost of the chat in USD. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


