# TransferDestinationAssistant

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**message** | Option<[**models::TransferDestinationAssistantMessage**](TransferDestinationAssistant_message.md)> |  | [optional]
**r#type** | **String** |  | 
**transfer_mode** | Option<**String**> | This is the mode to use for the transfer. Defaults to `rolling-history`.  - `rolling-history`: This is the default mode. It keeps the entire conversation history and appends the new assistant's system message on transfer.    Example:    Pre-transfer:     system: assistant1 system message     assistant: assistant1 first message     user: hey, good morning     assistant: how can i help?     user: i need help with my account     assistant: (destination.message)    Post-transfer:     system: assistant1 system message     assistant: assistant1 first message     user: hey, good morning     assistant: how can i help?     user: i need help with my account     assistant: (destination.message)     system: assistant2 system message     assistant: assistant2 first message (or model generated if firstMessageMode is set to `assistant-speaks-first-with-model-generated-message`)  - `swap-system-message-in-history`: This replaces the original system message with the new assistant's system message on transfer.    Example:    Pre-transfer:     system: assistant1 system message     assistant: assistant1 first message     user: hey, good morning     assistant: how can i help?     user: i need help with my account     assistant: (destination.message)    Post-transfer:     system: assistant2 system message     assistant: assistant1 first message     user: hey, good morning     assistant: how can i help?     user: i need help with my account     assistant: (destination.message)     assistant: assistant2 first message (or model generated if firstMessageMode is set to `assistant-speaks-first-with-model-generated-message`)  - `delete-history`: This deletes the entire conversation history on transfer.    Example:    Pre-transfer:     system: assistant1 system message     assistant: assistant1 first message     user: hey, good morning     assistant: how can i help?     user: i need help with my account     assistant: (destination.message)    Post-transfer:     system: assistant2 system message     assistant: assistant2 first message     user: Yes, please     assistant: how can i help?     user: i need help with my account  - `swap-system-message-in-history-and-remove-transfer-tool-messages`: This replaces the original system message with the new assistant's system message on transfer and removes transfer tool messages from conversation history sent to the LLM.    Example:    Pre-transfer:     system: assistant1 system message     assistant: assistant1 first message     user: hey, good morning     assistant: how can i help?     user: i need help with my account     transfer-tool     transfer-tool-result     assistant: (destination.message)    Post-transfer:     system: assistant2 system message     assistant: assistant1 first message     user: hey, good morning     assistant: how can i help?     user: i need help with my account     assistant: (destination.message)     assistant: assistant2 first message (or model generated if firstMessageMode is set to `assistant-speaks-first-with-model-generated-message`)  @default 'rolling-history' | [optional]
**assistant_name** | **String** | This is the assistant to transfer the call to. | 
**description** | Option<**String**> | This is the description of the destination, used by the AI to choose when and how to transfer the call. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


