# UpdateConversationBlockDto

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**messages** | Option<[**Vec<models::ConversationBlockMessagesInner>**](ConversationBlock_messages_inner.md)> | These are the pre-configured messages that will be spoken to the user while the block is running. | [optional]
**input_schema** | Option<[**models::JsonSchema**](JsonSchema.md)> | This is the input schema for the block. This is the input the block needs to run. It's given to the block as `steps[0].input`  These are accessible as variables: - ({{input.propertyName}}) in context of the block execution (step) - ({{stepName.input.propertyName}}) in context of the workflow | [optional]
**output_schema** | Option<[**models::JsonSchema**](JsonSchema.md)> | This is the output schema for the block. This is the output the block will return to the workflow (`{{stepName.output}}`).  These are accessible as variables: - ({{output.propertyName}}) in context of the block execution (step) - ({{stepName.output.propertyName}}) in context of the workflow (read caveat #1) - ({{blockName.output.propertyName}}) in context of the workflow (read caveat #2)  Caveats: 1. a workflow can execute a step multiple times. example, if a loop is used in the graph. {{stepName.output.propertyName}} will reference the latest usage of the step. 2. a workflow can execute a block multiple times. example, if a step is called multiple times or if a block is used in multiple steps. {{blockName.output.propertyName}} will reference the latest usage of the block. this liquid variable is just provided for convenience when creating blocks outside of a workflow with steps. | [optional]
**name** | Option<**String**> | This is the name of the block. This is just for your reference. | [optional]
**instruction** | Option<**String**> | This is the instruction to the model.  You can reference any variable in the context of the current block execution (step): - \"{{input.your-property-name}}\" for the current step's input - \"{{your-step-name.output.your-property-name}}\" for another step's output (in the same workflow; read caveat #1) - \"{{your-step-name.input.your-property-name}}\" for another step's input (in the same workflow; read caveat #1) - \"{{your-block-name.output.your-property-name}}\" for another block's output (in the same workflow; read caveat #2) - \"{{your-block-name.input.your-property-name}}\" for another block's input (in the same workflow; read caveat #2) - \"{{workflow.input.your-property-name}}\" for the current workflow's input - \"{{global.your-property-name}}\" for the global context  This can be as simple or as complex as you want it to be. - \"say hello and ask the user about their day!\" - \"collect the user's first and last name\" - \"user is {{input.firstName}} {{input.lastName}}. their age is {{input.age}}. ask them about their salary and if they might be interested in buying a house. we offer {{input.offer}}\"  Caveats: 1. a workflow can execute a step multiple times. example, if a loop is used in the graph. {{stepName.output/input.propertyName}} will reference the latest usage of the step. 2. a workflow can execute a block multiple times. example, if a step is called multiple times or if a block is used in multiple steps. {{blockName.output/input.propertyName}} will reference the latest usage of the block. this liquid variable is just provided for convenience when creating blocks outside of a workflow with steps. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


